December report (#35)
uk-tre/website: docs/events/wg_workshops/2023-12-05-december-meeting/workshop-automated-output-checking-coi.md

**Leads**: Jim Smith (University of the West of England), Jackie Caldwell (PHS)

## Proposal

### Summary

> The session is intended to give an over view of the Community of Interest on automated risk assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session is intended to give an overview of the Community of Interest on automated risk assessment.
```
